add version field to serialization at the beginning; move ciphersuite after it (#540)
ZcashFoundation/frost: book/src/user/serialization.md

need to communicated will have `serialize()` and `deserialize()` methods.

The format is basically the `serde` encoding of the structs using the

> [`postcard`](https://docs.rs/postcard/latest/postcard/) crate. But since this
> a implementation detail, we describe the format as follows:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[`postcard`](https://docs.rs/postcard/latest/postcard/) crate. But since this is
an implementation detail, we describe the format as follows:
```
